docs/en/introduction.md, before:

# Introduction

Welcome to hono-filebased-route, a powerful file-based routing system built on top of the [Hono](https://hono.dev/) web framework.

## What is hono-filebased-route?

hono-filebased-route brings the simplicity and convention of file-based routing to Hono applications. Inspired by frameworks like Next.js and Nuxt.js, it allows you to create API routes by simply organizing your files in a specific directory structure.

## Key Features

### 🚀 **Automatic Route Generation**

No need to manually define routes. Just create files in your routes directory, and they automatically become accessible endpoints.

### 📁 **Intuitive File Structure**

Your file system becomes your routing system. The directory structure directly maps to your URL structure.

### 🔄 **Dynamic Routes**

Support for dynamic parameters using bracket notation (`[id].ts`) and wildcard routes (`[...slug].ts`).

### 🛡️ **TypeScript First**

Built with TypeScript from the ground up, providing excellent type safety and developer experience.

### ⚡ **Bun Optimized**

Optimized for Bun runtime while maintaining compatibility with Node.js.

### 🔧 **Flexible Configuration**

Customizable routing behavior with various configuration options.

## How It Works

The magic happens through a simple process:

1. **File Scanning**: The system scans your routes directory
2. **Path Conversion**: File paths are converted to URL patterns
3. **Route Registration**: Routes are automatically registered with your Hono app
4. **HTTP Method Mapping**: Exported functions (`GET`, `POST`, etc.) become route handlers

```mermaid
graph LR
    A[File System] --> B[Route Scanner]
    B --> C[Path Converter]
    C --> D[Route Generator]
    D --> E[Hono App]

    F[routes/users/[id].ts] --> G[/users/:id]
    H[routes/blog/[...slug].ts] --> I[/blog/*]
```

## Routing Patterns

### Static Routes

```
routes/about.ts → /about
routes/contact.ts → /contact
```

### Dynamic Routes

```
routes/users/[id].ts → /users/:id
routes/posts/[slug].ts → /posts/:slug
```

### Nested Routes

```
routes/api/users/index.ts → /api/users
routes/api/users/[id].ts → /api/users/:id
```

### Wildcard Routes

```
routes/blog/[...slug].ts → /blog/*
routes/docs/[...path].ts → /docs/*
```

## Why Choose hono-filebased-route?

### **Developer Experience**

- **Intuitive**: If you've used Next.js or similar frameworks, you'll feel right at home
- **Less Boilerplate**: No need to manually define and maintain route configurations
- **Organized**: Natural organization of your API endpoints

### **Performance**

- **Fast Routing**: Built on Hono's high-performance routing engine
- **Minimal Overhead**: Lightweight abstraction that doesn't compromise speed
- **Bun Compatible**: Takes advantage of Bun's superior performance

### **Flexibility**

- **Framework Agnostic**: Works with any Hono application
- **Gradual Adoption**: Can be integrated into existing projects incrementally
- **Customizable**: Various configuration options to fit your needs

## Comparison with Other Solutions

| Feature              | hono-filebased-route | Manual Routing | Express Router |
| -------------------- | -------------------- | -------------- | -------------- |
| Setup Complexity     | ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐           | ⭐⭐           | ⭐⭐⭐         |
| Type Safety          | ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐           | ⭐⭐⭐         | ⭐⭐           |
| Performance          | ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐           | ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐     | ⭐⭐⭐         |
| Developer Experience | ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐           | ⭐⭐           | ⭐⭐⭐         |
| File Organization    | ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐           | ⭐⭐           | ⭐⭐⭐         |

## Use Cases

hono-filebased-route is perfect for:

- **API Development**: Building RESTful APIs with clean organization
- **Microservices**: Creating focused, well-structured service endpoints
- **Rapid Prototyping**: Quickly spinning up API endpoints for testing
- **Full-Stack Applications**: Backend APIs for web and mobile applications
- **Serverless Functions**: Organizing serverless function endpoints

## Getting Started

Ready to dive in? Check out our [Quick Start Guide](/quick-started) to get up and running in minutes, or explore the [Installation Guide](/guides/installation) for more detailed setup instructions.

## Community and Support

- **GitHub**: [Repository](https://github.com/HM-Suiji/hono-filebased-route)
- **Issues**: Report bugs and request features
- **Discussions**: Community discussions and questions
- **Documentation**: This comprehensive guide

Let's build something amazing together! 🚀

Commit message:

docs: fix and add AI-generated Caution

docs/en/introduction.md, after:

# Introduction

Welcome to hono-filebased-route, a powerful file-based routing system built on top of the [Hono](https://hono.dev/) web framework.

::: danger Caution
This documentation is AI-generated and may contain errors. Please refer to the source code [`examples`](https://github.com/HM-Suiji/hono-filebased-route/tree/main/examples) for accuracy.
:::

## What is hono-filebased-route?

hono-filebased-route brings the simplicity and convention of file-based routing to Hono applications. Inspired by frameworks like Next.js and Nuxt.js, it allows you to create API routes by simply organizing your files in a specific directory structure.

## Key Features

### 🚀 **Automatic Route Generation**

No need to manually define routes. Just create files in your routes directory, and they automatically become accessible endpoints.

### 📁 **Intuitive File Structure**

Your file system becomes your routing system. The directory structure directly maps to your URL structure.

### 🔄 **Dynamic Routes**

Support for dynamic parameters using bracket notation (`[id].ts`) and wildcard routes (`[...slug].ts`).

### 🛡️ **TypeScript First**

Built with TypeScript from the ground up, providing excellent type safety and developer experience.

### ⚡ **Bun Optimized**

Optimized for Bun runtime while maintaining compatibility with Node.js.

### 🔧 **Flexible Configuration**

Customizable routing behavior with various configuration options.

## How It Works

The magic happens through a simple process:

1. **File Scanning**: The system scans your routes directory
2. **Path Conversion**: File paths are converted to URL patterns
3. **Route Registration**: Routes are automatically registered with your Hono app
4. **HTTP Method Mapping**: Exported functions (`GET`, `POST`, etc.) become route handlers

```mermaid
graph LR
    A[File System] --> B[Route Scanner]
    B --> C[Path Converter]
    C --> D[Route Generator]
    D --> E[Hono App]

    F[routes/users/[id].ts] --> G[/users/:id]
    H[routes/blog/[...slug].ts] --> I[/blog/*]
```

## Routing Patterns

### Static Routes

```
routes/about.ts → /about
routes/contact.ts → /contact
```

### Dynamic Routes

```
routes/users/[id].ts → /users/:id
routes/posts/[slug].ts → /posts/:slug
```

### Nested Routes

```
routes/api/users/index.ts → /api/users
routes/api/users/[id].ts → /api/users/:id
```

### Wildcard Routes

```
routes/blog/[...slug].ts → /blog/*
routes/docs/[...path].ts → /docs/*
```

## Why Choose hono-filebased-route?

### **Developer Experience**

- **Intuitive**: If you've used Next.js or similar frameworks, you'll feel right at home
- **Less Boilerplate**: No need to manually define and maintain route configurations
- **Organized**: Natural organization of your API endpoints

### **Performance**

- **Fast Routing**: Built on Hono's high-performance routing engine
- **Minimal Overhead**: Lightweight abstraction that doesn't compromise speed
- **Bun Compatible**: Takes advantage of Bun's superior performance

### **Flexibility**

- **Framework Agnostic**: Works with any Hono application
- **Gradual Adoption**: Can be integrated into existing projects incrementally
- **Customizable**: Various configuration options to fit your needs

## Comparison with Other Solutions

| Feature              | hono-filebased-route | Manual Routing | Express Router |
| -------------------- | -------------------- | -------------- | -------------- |
| Setup Complexity     | ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐           | ⭐⭐           | ⭐⭐⭐         |
| Type Safety          | ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐           | ⭐⭐⭐         | ⭐⭐           |
| Performance          | ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐           | ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐     | ⭐⭐⭐         |
| Developer Experience | ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐           | ⭐⭐           | ⭐⭐⭐         |
| File Organization    | ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐           | ⭐⭐           | ⭐⭐⭐         |

## Use Cases

hono-filebased-route is perfect for:

- **API Development**: Building RESTful APIs with clean organization
- **Microservices**: Creating focused, well-structured service endpoints
- **Rapid Prototyping**: Quickly spinning up API endpoints for testing
- **Full-Stack Applications**: Backend APIs for web and mobile applications
- **Serverless Functions**: Organizing serverless function endpoints

## Getting Started

Ready to dive in? Check out our [Quick Start Guide](/quick-started) to get up and running in minutes, or explore the [Installation Guide](/guides/installation) for more detailed setup instructions.

## Community and Support

- **GitHub**: [Repository](https://github.com/HM-Suiji/hono-filebased-route)
- **Issues**: Report bugs and request features
- **Discussions**: Community discussions and questions
- **Documentation**: This comprehensive guide

Let's build something amazing together! 🚀
